d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\myappmvc.dll.config
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\myappmvc.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\myappmvc.pdb
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\obj\Debug\myappmvc.dll
d:\users\mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\obj\Debug\myappmvc.pdb
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Users\Mayank\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\myappmvc\myappmvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
